Packet = Header IndexElem* Payload
Header = TTTTSSSS [LLLLLNNN NNNNNNNN]
IndexElem = TTTLLLLL

-- Basic description --

Each g-code is encoded as a Packet.
The Header specifies the command (G1, M104...) and the number of parameters.
The command can either be encoded using a short form for a few common commands,
or a long form for other commands.
After the header follow IndexElem fields, one for each command parameter.
Each IndexElem specifies the parameter letter and the data type of the parameter.
The actual parameter values are encoded in order in the Payload section of the
packet.

-- Header fields --

T: Operation type.
Some common gcodes can be encoded more efficiently using predefined
operation type values.
Others need to use long operation encoding.
If long operation encoding is used, the header is 3 bytes long,
and the last two bytes specify the operation letter and number.
If long encoding is not used, the header is 1 byte long, and the
operation letter and number are defined by the type field.
Values:
    1 = G0
    2 = G1
    3 = G92
    15 = long operation encoding

S: Index size.
The size of the index in bytes, that is, the number of parameters.
The number of parameters should be between 0 and 14. Index size
value 15 is reserved.

L: Operation letter.
For long operation encoding, specified the operation letter.
The actual letter encoded is ASCII 'A' plus the value of this field.
Only letters A-Z may be encoded, that is, the value of this parameter
should be between 0 and 25; higher values are reserved.

N: Operation number.
For long operation encoding, specifies the numeric portion of the operation.
Numbers from 0 to 2047 are available.
For example, the command M114 is encoded with L=M-A=12 and N=114.

-- IndexElem fields --

T: Parameter data type.
The data type of the payload of this parameter.
Values:
    1 = float
    2 = double
    3 = uint32
    4 = uint64

L: Parameter letter.
The actual letter encoded is ASCII 'A' plus the value of this field.
Only letters A-Z may be encoded, that is, the value of this parameter
should be between 0 and 25; higher values are reserved.

-- Parameter values --

The payload of a packet is formed by concatenating the payloads of the parameters in order.
The size and semantic of the individual payloads depend on the respective data types,
but the size is always a whole number of bytes.

Float encoding: IEEE 754 binary32, little endian (4 bytes).
Double encoding: IEEE 754 binary64, little endian (8 bytes).
Uint32 encoding: little endian (4 bytes).

There are some restrictions on how the decoder may interpret numeric parameters:

- The decoder treats a parameter under a certain semantics, that is, either "integer" or
  "real". For example, coordinate parameters will typically be treated as real, whereas
  a file offset would be treated as integer.

- For integer semantics, uint32 should be accepted, and uint64 should be accepted
  if values 2^32 and larger are permitted by the semantics of the parameter.

- For real semantics, float and uint32 should be accepted, as well as double if the decoder
  supports doubles. Support for double is an attribute of the decoder - either the decoder
  supports double for all parameters with real semantics, or for none.

Similarly, gcode to binary encoders should follow these rules:

- If a command parameter is a decimal number without a decimal point, it is encoded
  as the first of the following types with sufficient range: uint32, uint64, float/double.
  Here float/double means the encoder is free to make the choice, but double may only
  be used if the decoder is known to support doubles.

- If a command parameter is a number in a more general sense, it is encoded as float/double.
  Again, the decision is up to the encoder.

Rationale:

- The problem with the real/integer distinction is that the gcode to binary encoder generally
  does now know the semantics of the parameters.

- Parameters with real semantics, such as axis coordinates, are typically represented
  in the gcode with a decimal point (e.g. coordinates produced by slicers).
  Therefore, these will typically be encoded as floats or doubles, requiring no conversion
  on the decoder (except if the decoder internally converts between float and double).

- Sometimes parameters with real semantics are represented in the gcode without a decimal
  point. This is most likely human generated gcode.
  Assuming the value is not absurdly large, it will be encoded as uint32 and the decoder
  is expected convert it to whatever floating point type it uses internally.

- Parameters with integer semantics are necessarily represented in the gcode without
  a decimal point. Therefore, these will be encoded as uint32/uint64, with no loss of data.
  If the decoder only accepts uint32, it will still work as long as the actual value fits in
  an uint32, since the encoder is required to use an uint32 it the value fits.
